fix: transient payload example (#2650)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/emails-sms/05_custom-email-templates.mdx

</Tabs>
```

## Events that trigger an email

> Ory Identities sends an email for each template type below. The template type (for example `recovery_code_valid`) is the value of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self-service flows trigger emails that use one of the following template types. Which template type is used depends on specific flow conditions. The template type (for example `recovery_code_valid`) is passed as the value of
```

> the `template_type` field in the [HTTP delivery payload](./01_sending-emails-smtp.mdx#payload). It differs from the template names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `template_type` field in the [HTTP delivery payload](./01_sending-emails-smtp.mdx#payload). 
```

> used elsewhere on this page (for example `recovery_code.valid`), which identify the template directory and layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note
While they refer to the same underlying template, template types are different from template names. The the template type (for example , `recovery_code_valid`) is the runtime identifier. The template name (for example, `recovery_code.valid`) is the configuration-time identifier.
:::

```

The following list of template types is imported directly from the Ory Kratos source code and stays in sync with it:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="go"
  link="https://github.com/ory/kratos/blob/master/courier/template/type.go"
  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ory/kratos/master/courier/template/type.go"
  startAt="const ("
  endAt=")"
/>

> The following table is maintained by hand. It documents when each email is sent and the condition that gates it. These semantics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table documents when each email is sent and the condition that gates it. These semantics
```

are not represented in the source file above.

> | Template type                | When Ory Identities sends it                                                        | Condition                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Template type                | Sent when                                                        | Condition                                                                            |
```

| `verification_invalid`       | A verification flow is started for an address with no account (method `link`).      | Only if `selfservice.flows.verification.notify_unknown_recipients` is `true`.        |
| `login_code_valid`           | A login flow sends a one-time login code.                                           | When the one-time code login method is enabled.                                      |
| `registration_code_valid`    | A registration flow sends a one-time registration code.                             | When the one-time code registration method is enabled.                               |
| `verifiable_address_changed` | A verifiable address on an identity changes; sent to the previous address(es).      | Only if the `notify_previous_addresses` hook is enabled.                             |
| `stub`                       | Not sent in production.                                                             | Test stub used by the Ory Kratos test suite. It does not correspond to a real email. |

> :::note

Reviewer: This note refers to the imported list of template types. Move it to below that section and above this table

Author: the note refers to the `stub` Template type which is right above it (last item in the table) - I think its easier to find it if they sit next to each other right? 

otherwise you get the note about `stub` right at the top and then you need to scroll down (and remember) until you get to the entry that the note references. 

the note is also only there for completeness sake and most users wont encounter the `stub` template.

Reviewer: The 'stub' first appears in the embedded source. It doesn't really have an explanation other than it has 'test' in this label: TypeTestStub. 
The table already explains what 'stub' is for in the Sent when/Condition columns. Locating the note below the table means it is doing double duty. 
I'm OK with removing the not completely because I think it's obvious from TypeTestStub and the table. But if we keep the note, it's best placed below the embedded source.

Author: fair enough - lets remove it!

</Tabs>
```

## Events that trigger an email

Self-service flows trigger emails that use one of the following template types. Which template type is used depends on specific
flow conditions. The template type (for example `recovery_code_valid`) is passed as the value of the `template_type` field in the
[HTTP delivery payload](./01_sending-emails-smtp.mdx#payload).

> :::note While they refer to the same underlying template, template types are different from template names. The the template type

Reviewer: This note is not rendering correctly.

Author: yea it needs spaces between :::note and :::
fixed now.

> :::note While they refer to the same underlying template, template types are different from template names. The the template type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note While they refer to the same underlying template, template types are different from template names. The template type
```

Reviewer: This was a typo I introduced! sorry

### Available variables

> The variables available for use in email templates change depending on the flow and the selected method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variables available for use in email templates depend on the flow and the selected method.
```

> The tables below are maintained by hand. The authoritative list of fields for each template is the per-template model struct in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authoritative list of fields for each template is the per-template model struct in
```

Ory Kratos, under [`courier/template/email/`](https://github.com/ory/kratos/tree/master/courier/template/email) — for example
[`recovery_code_valid.go`](https://github.com/ory/kratos/blob/master/courier/template/email/recovery_code_valid.go) and
[`verification_code_valid.go`](https://github.com/ory/kratos/blob/master/courier/template/email/verification_code_valid.go). If a

> field is missing below, check the matching struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists the most commonly used fields. For the complete and current list, see the struct in GitHub under [`courier/template/email/`], which is the source of truth.
```

| `Traits` | the provided traits as specified by the Identity Schema |
| `ExpiresInMinutes` | the expiration time of the code in minutes |

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="verifiable_address_changed" label="Address changed">

For the `verifiable_address_changed` template, the following variables are available:

| Variable | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `To` | the previous address the notification is sent to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `To` | The previous address the notification is sent to |
```

> | `Identity` | the identity whose verifiable address changed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Identity` | The identity whose verifiable address changed |
```

> | `ChangedAt` | the time the address changed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ChangedAt` | The time the address changed |
```

> This template is sent only when the `notify_previous_addresses` hook is enabled. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to enable the `notify_previous_addresses` hook to send this template. See
```

  BAR
</p>
```

> #### Pass brand and language to email links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pass brand and language to email links
```

> Building on the mechanic above, this example uses the transient payload to carry presentation data - a brand name and a language -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the transient payload to carry presentation data, such as a brand name and a language,
```

through to the email template. It is useful when one Ory project serves several brands or locales and the email link must match
the context the user started in.

The example reads a brand and a language when the flow is created, passes them in `transient_payload` when the flow is submitted,

> and reads them back in the template to build a branded link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and reads them back into the template to build a branded link.
```
